# CSE110-W21 Group13 *Runtime Terror* Meeting Notes

## Meeting Minutes: 

### Meeting type: Sync

### Date: 2/18/21

### Meeting Medium: Zoom

### External Tools Used:  

### Start Time: 5PM PST

### End Time: 5:25PM PST

Notetaker name: Hemanth Battu

## Present

- [x] Patrick Chiang
- [x] Jackie Li
- [x] Jasmine Thompson
- [x] Arjun Tapde
- [x] Kenneth Chen
- [x] Yuefeng Huang
- [x] Hanjie Zhan
- [x] Ben Gu
- [x] Hemanth Battu

## Absent

- [ ] Patrick Chiang
- [ ] Jackie Li
- [x] Jasmine Thompson
- [x] Arjun Tapde
- [ ] Kenneth Chen
- [ ] Yuefeng Huang
- [x] Hanjie Zhan
- [ ] Ben Gu
- [ ] Hemanth Battu

## Agenda

- [x] Rehash our progress from each development group so far

## Review issues from last meeting
* No issues from last meeting were discussed

## Content
* Front-end progress and plan:
    * Finished most of UI for home page
    * Hopefully, Arjun can work on the pop-up boxes 
* Back-end progress and plan:
    * Finished timer function
    * Switching between pomo/break needs work
    * Task-list function should be completed by Saturday
* We are behind schedule so the grind to finish on time remains paramount
   
## Plan
* Hemanth and Patrick will work on the task-list function on Saturday and should be able to finish on that day

## Decisions
* Start button should move to under-center of timer box and move the reset button to the top right
* Feel free to merge pull requests if any one of Kenneth or Jasmine approves pull requests (ask Jasmine for confirmation)
    * "LGTM" for confirmation to merge
