# CSE110-W21 Group13 *Runtime Terror* Meeting Notes

## Meeting Minutes: 

### Meeting type: Sync

### Date: 2/25/21

### Meeting Medium: Zoom

### External Tools Used:  

### Start Time: 5PM PST

### End Time: 5:27PM PST

Notetaker name: Hemanth Battu

## Present

- [x] Patrick Chiang
- [ ] Jackie Li
- [ ] Jasmine Thompson
- [x] Arjun Tapde
- [x] Kenneth Chen
- [x] Yuefeng Huang
- [x] Hanjie Zhan
- [x] Ben Gu
- [x] Hemanth Battu

## Absent

- [ ] Patrick Chiang
- [x] Jackie Li
- [x] Jasmine Thompson
- [ ] Arjun Tapde
- [ ] Kenneth Chen
- [ ] Yuefeng Huang
- [ ] Hanjie Zhan
- [ ] Ben Gu
- [ ] Hemanth Battu

## Agenda

- [x] Rehash our progress from each development group so far

## Review issues from last meeting
* No issues from last meeting were discussed

## Content
* Front-end progress and plan:
    * Create pop-ups for menu buttons
    * Refine task list using local storage
    * Bulk of UI should be pretty set pending further suggestions by TA
* Back-end progress and plan:
    * Create web-components for menu buttons 
* 60% of CI pipeline is done
    * JSDocs being set up and some coverage tool still needs to set up
    * Should have this done asap
* Majority of code coverage should be completed by mid next-week
* Timer is completely static without the use of web components, and this completely OK 
* Web components were created for task list and a popup to add the task    
   
## Plan
* Kenneth will complete the CI on Saturday
* Menu buttons will be worked on immediately 

## Decisions
* We will have a developer branch where our most updated code will be stored
