# CSE110-W21 Group13 *Runtime Terror* Meeting Notes

## Meeting Minutes: 

### Meeting type: Sprint 2 Review

### Date: 3/7/21

### Meeting Medium: Zoom

### External Tools Used:  

### Start Time: 5PM PST

### End Time: 5:30PM PST

Notetaker name: Hemanth Battu

## Present

- [x] Patrick Chiang
- [x] Jackie Li
- [x] Jasmine Thompson
- [x] Arjun Tapde
- [x] Kenneth Chen
- [x] Yuefeng Huang
- [ ] Hanjie Zhan
- [x] Ben Gu
- [x] Hemanth Battu

## Absent

- [ ] Patrick Chiang
- [ ] Jackie Li
- [ ] Jasmine Thompson
- [ ] Arjun Tapde
- [ ] Kenneth Chen
- [ ] Yuefeng Huang
- [x] Hanjie Zhan
- [ ] Ben Gu
- [ ] Hemanth Battu

## Agenda

- [x] Discuss our progress and accomplishments from each development group so far
- [x] Make a plan of action for this final week

## Review issues from last meeting
* No issues from last meeting were discussed

## Content
* Introductory Issues: 
	* Pull request made to move index.html out of the views folder
	* Demonstrated code quality through the linter (ESLint) on VSCode
	* Two meetings are scheduled with the TA tonight
		* Team lead and CI people are meeting at 6
		* Front-End and Designers will meet at 7:15
* Progess and Accomplishments:
	* Backend: 
		* Finished most of functionalities for Reset and Settings Popup
		* Created a volume slider and a dark mode setting function
		* Added keyboard shortcuts to accessibility branch
		* Still need to refine the switchability in the buttons when the break lengths
		  change
		* Help popup will be created after front-end meets with TA
	* Test:
		* Unit tests have been majority completed pending further functionalities in 
		  settings
		* Jackie has been working on integration tests and will be finished by Monday
		  at the latest
		* Ben is working on unit tests for accessibility branch
	* Front-end:
		* Created a dark mode when user toggles a switch
		* Necessity remains to polish the UI to make it look more professional
		* Will meet with TA to flesh out design of Help popup
   
## Plan
* Retrospective video
* Deployment process should remain as smooth as possible, and as such, there remains a need to 
  reformat file structure
	* Separate directories for Cypress and Jest reports

## Decisions
* No decisions were made
